A miniature, tame mimic.
A carved marble elephant.
A small round cactus with two eyes.
A pocket book of dwarven poetry.
A bronze box containing a tiny wooden owl.
A solid blue metal sphere, one inch in diameter, with three parallel grooves around the circumference.
A pouch containing ten dried peas.
A ceramic puzzle cube, with each face divided into four independently rotating squares enameled with astronomical signs.
A square of bear-beetle leather, a creature unique to the misty woods of Cix.
A sheet of vellum on which is crudely painted a herbal plant that you have yet to identify.
A petrified frog.
A twenty-sided die.
A cut yellow chrysanthemum that never dies.
A palm-sized iron cage: the door doesn't shut properly, as the tiny lock was broken from the inside.
A blob of grey goo, slippy but safe to touch, kept in a ceramic pot.
A dried sky lily, from the tip of the Godshead, an impossibly high mountain.
A glowing blue-green line, six inches long, but with no discernible radius.
A pretty conch shell.
A scrap of paper on which is written, in Goblin, "My dearest Bess,".
A keychain holding the head of a broken key.
An echo pearl from the depths of the Vibration Lake.
A toy crossbow.
Lip balm.
A fossil of an extinct many-limbed critter.
A brass prosthetic nose.
A corkscrew.
A dried poison gland of a jagged fish.
A bronze gear on which is etched the word "Moon".
A map of a labyrinth, on which is penciled a line that starts at the centre but fails to connect to the entrance.
A cube of ice that never melts.
A square of ironsilk sewn by the geargrubs of ancient Siclari.
An ivory knitting needle.
A peacock feather.
A travel set of paints: someone has used up all the black.
A wig of short platinum-blonde hair.
A child's charm bracelet.
A small bar of orichalcum, a metal only mentioned in ancient literature.
A deed to a ruined tower.
An invitation to a formal ball to be held in two years time.
A smoking pipe carved from granite.
A vial of scented oil.
A preserved basilisk eye.
A torn page on which is written "Death! / Plop. / The barges down in the river flop. / Flop, plop. / Above, beneath".
An intricate knot that nobody seems to know how to tie or untie – sailors believe it to be bad luck.
Pages ripped out of an accounting journal of a local merchant.
A ring with a poison reservoir for slipping into drinks and a tiny razor edge for cutting purse-strings.
A glass globe of swirling green goop, no openings.
A bundle of ragged "treasure maps" drawn by inventive local children.
A sliver from a spear said to have pierced the armpit of a saint.
A portfolio of pressed flowers.
A small handbook of foreign coins, for travelers to identify denominations.
A slightly out of date guidebook to foreign inns, taverns, and transportation.
Six useless wooden tokens previously issued by a traitor-prince as currency.
Two false fingernails painted with mysterious symbols.
A set of cosmetic tools for cleaning the ears.
A harmless stage dagger with retracting blade and blood-compartment.
A floating glass orb that follows you around and makes whirring sounds.
A goblin-made key that can lock any door, but unlock none.
A translucent coin, minted in an unknown land.
A bronze ring engraved with dark symbols that was supposedly buried with a legendary necromancer long ago.
A ring carved with the unfinished insignia to a defunct secret organization.
A thimble on which is an enamel painting of a turtle.
A puzzle box holding 10 fingernail clippings.
A pair of badly worn hairdressing scissors.
A wax hand shaped to hold a large cup.
A measuring tape, marked in ink at 23 inches.
A seashell that is silent when held up to your ear.
A coprolite.
One piece of unknown paper currency with no obvious denomination.
A bootlace entwined with gold thread.
A dented sheriff's badge.
A tiny bubble level that is calibrated incorrectly.
A belt buckle.
A letter of complaint to a toy shop owner.
A decorative leather stud.
A penny whistle that plays the same note no matter which holes are covered.
A ticket admitting an adult and child onto a thing called a "semiotic tram".
A small glass vial holding three eyelashes.
A tub of putty.
A leather shoe made for a dog.
A doll head with no hair and poorly applied makeup.
A pewter spork.
Illustrated instructions on how to make a paper hat.
A clear glass dish with four round notches around the outside edge.
A wire circlet that bestows upon its wearer perfect posture.
A small hand-sized box covered with numbered buttons.
An empty whiskey tumbler that causes any liquid poured into it to become bourbon.
A book of flumph grammar.
A hunk of metal which appears to be several gears jammed together at unnatural and impossible angles: attempting to turn it causes it to emit a horrible shrieking sound.
A crystal prism that refracts shadow instead of light.
A smokeless and odorless candle.
A flat disc of layered metal and prismatic glass with a hole in the centre.
An ornate pewter tankard made without a bottom.
A wooden device designed to be gripped in two hands; two levers protrude from the top, and two triggers from the underside.
Two perfectly identical pine cones.
A sponge that can absorb 60 gallons of ale (and only ale).
A pepper grinder containing an unlimited supply of pepper unless opened, at which point it becomes half empty.
A poorly cultivated bonsai juniper in a glazed ceramic pot.
An oval-shaped soapstone tablet inscribed with a short list of religious prohibitions.
A wooden doll with a door that opens to reveal a slightly smaller, identical, doll; this one is empty, perhaps there are still smaller dolls that are missing?