A picture you drew as a child of your imaginary friend.
Pallid leather gloves crafted with ivory fingernails.
A lock that opens when blood is dripped in its keyhole.
Dice made from the knuckles of a notorious charlatan.
Clothes stolen from a scarecrow.
A ring of keys for forgotten locks.
A spinning top carved with four faces: happy, sad, wrathful, and dead.
Nails from the coffin of a murderer.
The necklace of a sibling who died on the day you were born.
A key to the family crypt.
A wig from someone executed by beheading.
An bouquet of funerary flowers that always looks and smells fresh.
An unopened letter to you from your dying father.
A switch used to discipline you as a child.
A pocket watch that runs backward for an hour every midnight.
A music box that plays by itself whenever someone holding it dances.
A winter coat stolen from a dying soldier.
A walking cane with an iron ferrule that strikes sparks on stone.
A bottle of invisible ink that can only be read at sunset.
A flag from a ship lost at sea.
A wineskin that refills when interred with a dead person for a night.
Porcelain doll’s head that always seems to be looking at you.
A set of silverware used by a king for his last meal.
A wolf’s head wrought in silver that is also a whistle.
A spyglass that always shows the world suffering a terrible storm.
A small mirror that shows a much older version of the viewer.
A cameo with the profile’s face scratched away.
A small, worn book of children’s nursery rhymes.
A lantern with a black candle that never runs out and that burns with green flame.
A mummified raven claw.
A teacup from a child’s tea set, stained with blood.
A broken pendent of a silver dragon that’s always cold to the touch.
A little black book that records your dreams, and yours alone, when you sleep.
A small locked box that quietly hums a lovely melody at night but you always forget it in the morning.
A necklace formed of the interlinked holy symbols of a dozen deities.
An inkwell that makes one a little nauseous when staring at it.
A hangman’s noose that feels heavier than it should.
An old little doll made from a dark, dense wood and missing a hand and a foot.
A birdcage into which small birds fly but once inside never eat or leave.
A black executioner’s hood.
A lepidopterist’s box filled dead moths with skull-like patterns on their wings.
A pouch made of flesh, with a sinew drawstring.
A jar of pickled ghouls’ tongue.
A tiny spool of black thread that never runs out.
The wooden hand of a notorious pirate.
A tiny clockwork figurine of a dancer that’s missing a gear and doesn’t work.
A urn with the ashes of a dead relative.
A black wooden pipe that creates puffs of smoke that look like skulls.
A hand mirror backed with a bronze depiction of a medusa.
A vial of perfume, the scent of which only certain creatures can detect.
A bag containing forty-seven humanoid teeth, one of which is rotten.
A four-leaf clover pressed inside a book discussing manners and etiquette.
A shard of obsidian that always feels warm to the touch.
A sheet of parchment upon which is drawn a complex mechanical contraption.
A dragon's bony talon hanging from a plain leather necklace.
An ornate scabbard that fits no blade you have found so far.
An invitation to a party where a murder happened.
A blank book whose pages refuse to hold ink, chalk, graphite, or any other substance for marking.
A bronze pentacle with an etching of a rat's head in its center.
A silver badge in the shape of a five-pointed star.
A purple handkerchief embroidered with the name of a powerful archmage.
A knife that belonged to a relative.
Half of a floorplan for a temple, castle, or some other structure.
A glass vial filled with nail clippings.
A bit of folded cloth that, when unfolded, turns into a stylish cap.
A rectangular metal device with two tiny metal cups on one end that throws sparks when wet.
A receipt of deposit at a bank in a far-flung city.
A white, sequined glove sized for a human.
A diary with seven missing pages.
A vest with one hundred tiny pockets.
An empty silver snuff box bearing an inscription on the surface that says “dreams’’.
A small, weightless stone block.
An iron holy symbol devoted to an unknown god.
A tiny sketch portrait of a goblin.
A book that tells the story of a legendary hero's rise and fall, with the last chapter missing.
An empty glass vial that smells of perfume when opened.
A gemstone that looks like a lump of coal when examined by anyone but you.
An ancient arrow of elven design.
A scrap of cloth from an old banner.
A needle that never bends.
A rank insignia from a lost legionnaire.
An ornate brooch of dwarven design.
A tiny silver bell without a clapper.
An empty wine bottle bearing a pretty label that says, “The Wizard of Wines Winery, Red Dragon Crush, 331422-W".
A mechanical canary inside a gnomish lamp.
A mosaic tile with a multicolored, glazed surface.
A tiny chest carved to look like it has numerous feet on the bottom.
A petrified mouse.
A dead sprite inside a clear glass bottle.
A black pirate flag adorned with a dragon's skull and crossbones.
A metal can that has no opening but sounds as if it is filled with liquid, sand, spiders, or broken glass (your choice).
A tiny mechanical crab or spider that moves about when it’s not being observed.
A glass orb filled with water, in which swims a clockwork goldfish.
A glass jar containing lard with a label that reads, “Griffon Grease”.
A silver spoon with an M engraved on the handle.
A wooden box with a ceramic bottom that holds a living worm with a head on each end of its body.
A whistle made from gold-colored wood.
A metal urn containing the ashes of a hero.
A crystal knob from a door.