A Compass that always points to Mulmaster.
A book filled with writing that only appears when the book is held underwater.
A paper fan that won't produce a breeze no matter how hard it's waved.
A sealed envelope made of red leather that you haven’t been able to open. It smells of campfire.
A petrified potato that resembles someone important to you.
A locket of hair that is rumored to have come from a famed fire genasi.
A glass cup that can only be filled half way no matter how much liquid is poured into it.
Flint and steel that, when used to start a fire, creates a random colored flame.
A mirror that only shows the back of your head.
A blank piece of wet parchment that never seems to dry.
A small glass bird that when set down near water dips its head in as if to get a drink.
A small puzzle box made of brass, that is slightly warm to the touch.
A lady's coin purse containing two sharp fangs.
A cloudy chunk of glass that is said to hold a spark of breath from a blue dragon.
A small sea conch with the words "From the beginning" painted on the lip.
A crude chalice made of coal.
A frost-covered silver locket that's frozen shut.
A miniature brass horn, silent when played, but fills the air with the scent of warm and exotic spices.
A seal which imprints a mysterious, unknown coat of arms into hard rock.
An eye-sized blue pearl that floats in salt water.
A small wooden doll that when held brings back fond memories.
A tuning fork made from a dark metal which glows with a pale, white light during thunderstorms.
A small hand mirror which only reflects inanimate objects.
A small vial that is always filled with the smell of autumn wind.
A glass eyeball that looks about of its own accordance, and can roll around.
A clear marble that slowly rolls toward the nearest source of running water.
A glass orb that replicates yesterday's weather inside itself.
A small collapsible silver cup that perspires constantly when opened.
A drinking cup, that randomly fills with fresh or salt water. Refilling once emptied.
An hourglass that tells time with falling mist instead of sand.
A deep blue piece of flint, that when struck with steel produces not a spark but a drop of water.
An ornate razor, which only cuts in freezing cold temperature.
A conch shell which is always damp and constantly drips saltwater.
A shark tooth covered in tiny etched words from a lost language.
A charred, half-melted pewter clasp that glows as if smoldering but releases no heat.
A large brass coin with no markings or images on it.
A clockwork finch that flaps its wings in the presence of a breeze.
A small wooden box filled with a strange red clay.
A unbreakable sealed jar of glowing water that hums when shaken.
A necklace with a small, rusted iron anchor.
A small, finely polished geode whose crystals slowly fade between every color of the spectrum.
A small brass flute adorned with silver wire that is always faintly sounding.
A rough stone eye pulled from a petrified creature.
A red and black Aarakocra feather.
A stone smoking pipe that never needs lighting.
A palm-sized stone with a hole in it, through which can be heard a constantly whispering wind.
A small whistle, that when blown, whispers a name of a person or place unknown to you, instead of the whistle sound.
A small conch shell covered in black crystal.
A fist sized rock that "beats" like a heart.
A small music box made of brass. It features a pair of tiny automatons that resemble Azer working at a forge.
A pair of bronze scissors in the shape of a pair of leaping dolphins.
A glass jar containing the preserved corpse of an unfamiliar aquatic creature.
A bronze oil lamp which is rumored to have once held a genie.
A piece of petrified wood carved into the shape of a seashell.
A single gauntlet inscribed with a fire motif and an unfamiliar name in Primordial.
A wooden puzzle cube covered in elemental symbols.
A one-eyed little fish inside a spherical vial, much bigger than the vial's neck. He has a cunning look.
A small stone cube that acts as a magnet when placed against another stone.
The tiny skull of a rabbit that whispers scathing insults when nobody is looking.
A ring made of a white metal. On the inside is a name etched in Auran.
A rag doll in the likeness of an owlbear.
A bracelet made of silvered fish hooks.
The desiccated body of a small eight-legged black lizard.
A journal filled with poetry hand-written in Primordial.
A small toy boat made with a walnut shell, toothpick, and piece of cloth.
A yellow gemstone that glows dimly when a storm is nearby.
A small pocket mirror that slowly fogs over while held.
A charred chisel with an unfamiliar symbol stamped into its base.
Wind chimes that glow when the wind blows.
A canteen filled with a foul smelling orange mud.
A small, clay square with an unknown rune etched into one side.
A faceless doll made of driftwood.
A tea kettle that heats itself when filled with water.
A heavy iron key bearing the name of a ship long lost to the sea.
An old scratched monocle which shows an underwater landscape whenever someone looks through it.
A small jewelry box made from the shell of a turtle.
A rose carved from coral.
A chess piece fashioned to look like fire myrmidon.
A set of dice with elemental symbols and primordial runes instead of pips or numbers.
A spinning top with an image of one of the four elements on each side.
A amulet filled with liquid that churns, freezes, or boils to match its wearer's mood.
A single hoop earring made of a porous red stone.
A small silver bell that makes a sound like quiet, distant thunder when it's struck.
An arrowhead carved from seasalt
A small vial of black sand that glows slightly in the moonlight.
A small comb made of blue coral.
A small whale tooth with etched with an image of waves crashing upon a beach.
Seven small beads of sandstone on a string, all different colors.
An hourglass in which the sands pour upward instead of downward.
A romance chapbook written in undercommon titled "Just one Layer of Grey".
A glass pendant with a hole in the center that a mild breeze always blows out of.
A tiny, broken clockwork Harpy.
A soft feather that falls like a stone when dropped.
An ivory whale statuette.
A large transparent gem that, when gripped tightly, whispers in Terran.
A fist-sized cog, covered in barnacles.
A small crystal snow globe that, when shaken, seems to form silhouettes of dancing forms.
An eyepatch made of obsidian and a black leather cord.
Half of a palm-sized geode that pulses dimly with purple light.
A glass bottle with a tiny ship of unfamiliar design inside.