A stone figure of a snake that changes positions after every full moon.
A silver key of unknown origins on a leather cord as a pendant that emits strange magical energy.
The right half of a broken bronze circlet with a light leafy pattern that when placed on your head, stays in place as though the other half was still there.
A small silver rod which when rolled between your hands emits sounds as though a lute were being played by a master softly nearby.
A music box that can only be heard by someone who as wound it at least once.
A small stone cube that, when tapped with a rod of metal, looks as though it were made of that metal for a few seconds.
A wooden sphere with a white marking that always faces the sun, and a black marking that always faces the moon.
An opaque jar that cannot be opened or broken, no matter how hard you try.
A journal that details the great adventures of a hero you have never heard of, complete with vivid descriptions of nonsensical creatures and terms, all written in messy handwriting, but with impressive diction.
A tiny sack that, when opened, is full of sand, but feels as heavy as a large stone when lifted.
A puppet in the likeness of someone you distantly know, that echoes your movements when you (and only you) place it on the ground.
An iron rod that bends in unusual ways when you look directly at it, but rights itself when you look away.
A book that perfectly records the holder's dreams when held while sleeping.
A tin pot that is just the right size for you to wear as a helmet.
A marble sculpture of a tiny elf holding a lute seated on a chair that plays music every so often.
A piece of pure white cloth that never gets dirty.
A hat that never gets wet.
A mask that copies its wearer's facial expressions.
A humanoid skull with ethereal green orbs in its eye sockets.
A wineskin that only holds wine. Any other liquid pours out after a few seconds.
A leather belt that, when worn, glows with faint blue light.
A tiny javelin with an ornately carved shaft that always returns when thrown, exactly halfway between you and the person closest to you.
A sphere of crystal with a tiny shard of obsidian at the exact centre.
A flask that freezes any liquids stored in it at midnight, and unfreezes them at noon.
A book with words that change every time it is read.
A chain that feels warm when its holder is standing directly beside an awakened tree.
A cube with tiny animals wandering on each face that change when they cross onto a different face.
The preserved hand of a famous noble that moves when pointed at the ground.
A terribly written novel whose plot seems to match events that have happened in your life.
A recount of a famous battle that contradicts what is commonly thought about that battle, written by a great sage who was present.
A crown made out of ice that never melts.
A piece of string that always emits smoke.
A rod of indeterminate metal that changes its length at random every other day.
The hilt of a dagger that was used to assassinate a king, with an onyx on the end that glows ominously on nights with a full moon.
A stone carved to look like a head that occasionally speaks, asking questions that change every time.
A stick that glows brightly when held by an undead creature.
A flute that, when played, makes the sound of a random instrument, though never a flute.
An invitation to an event that has already ended.
A copper ring that feels abnormally light.
A turban that, when worn, makes your steps feel very light.
A cube of glass with mysterious runes etched on each corner.
A towel with a set of instructions embroidered on it that clearly state to wear it on the head in case of mind flayer attack.
A rose that, when placed in a bouquet with exactly 5 other flowers, glows brightly, and seems to move.
A set of brass wind chimes that only chime when hung on a rod of precious metal.
A grotesque statuette of a humanoid with rat-like features.
A drawing of a spider with twelve legs being used as a mount by a crudely drawn hobgoblin without a head, with a set of poems on the back written in poor Common.
The badge of a powerful organisation, with writing etched on the back that defames that group.
The diary of a prison guard with half of the pages written in a different language.
A handbook of etiquette for nobles of an empire that fell.
A translation guide for a fictional language.
The head of a pickaxe that was used in a lost gold mine, with names carved in Dwarvish runes along the sides.
A wooden plank that refuses to burn.
A detailed guide on the anatomy of rocs.
A muddy book with a single phrase repeated over and over.
A surprisingly realistic replica of a rakshasa hand.
A stone rod with a tin coating that has worn through in several places.
A compass that points towards the nearest bottle of rum.
A stone that feels very heavy, yet floats effortlessly.
A map with no key or locations, only red circles with lines connecting them.
A shard of glass that floats a tiny distance off of the ground when near an open flame.
A diagram of a forest on an island with no named artist.
An orb that glows with a flash of green light at noon.
A locket with a strange rune carved inside.
A green coat with numerous pockets, each with a separate piece of a moustache trimming kit inside.
A silver plate that feels rough, though it were made from coarse stone, but never feels painful to touch.
A figurine of a fiend, so lifelike it seems like it might come to life and attack any second.
A sapling that cannot be placed into soil, but never dies and has a single sweet fruit on its branches that grows back after one day when picked.
A red coat that makes you feel colder when it is worn.
A vial of tree sap.
A rod of metal that produces tiny sparks from a red marking when a black button on the other end is pressed.
A wooden cane that, when placed on the ground, stands perfectly straight, and cannot be tipped over.
A bottle of red liquid that sparkles ever so slightly under direct moonlight, with a faded blue label that cannot be read.
A sack of shed dragon claws.
A feather with a piece of red string tied on the end of the shaft.
An engagement ring that belonged to one of your parents.
A book that you faintly remember from your childhood that you thought was lost for many years.
An odd stone that seems to permeate energy.
A sword sized for a child.
A vial of water from a hot spring.
A squat metal tin full of brown powder that always feels cold to the touch, regardless of the temperature.
A glove worn by someone you deeply admire.
A shard of crystal that glows when near places dedicated to a certain deity, and glows brighter the closer you are.
A tome from an abandoned library.
A gear that refuses to mesh with any other.
A box of nuts that feel like they are made from metal, but can be eaten as though they were normal.
A tree branch with an odd symbol.
A yew wood figurine of a satyr with wings, carrying a willow wood staff.
A suit of armour made from oak wood, sized for a doll, painted in vivid red and black.
A stone with odd indentations, that seem to spell out a message of some kind.
A vial of mysterious pale blue liquid that slithers back in when poured out, and has a pleasant floral scent.
A jug that turns liquids stored in it into milk after a few minutes.
A seed that never grows when planted, but looks very similar to an acorn with a few green lumps.
A waxy white flower that constantly moves as though a gust of wind were blowing it around.
A robe with a tag on the inside that reads "to my dearest pupil," given to you by someone you deeply respect.
A tome filled with cryptic writings, all in Common, but with confusing terminology.
A beige jar of red ointment without a label.
A famous calligrapher's personal brush.
A band of iron that shines brilliantly despite being completely rusted.
A small cylinder of stone that smells faintly of blood.
A tunic that smells of saltwater and bears the emblem of an established land-locked nation on the front.