A curious looking pair of goggles with the words "Property of Ice! DON'T TOUCH!" scrawled into the side.
A small blue cube that faintly glows for some unknown reason.
A small orb with water and a small living jellyfish inside.
A cat figurine.
A hat that has a secret space on the inside which is the size of a small pouch and very hard to locate.
A bar of scented soap that bubbles.
A book of lore, that is hollow inside.
A belt buckle stolen from a noble or a king.
A slip of parchment with the phrase "I am not dead" written on it.
A small fist-sized cube that occasionally makes strange noises.
An unusually sharp spoon.
The symbol of a powerful religion, covered in soot that stays no matter how much it is cleaned.
The diary of a philanderer that contains detailed descriptions of common monsters.
A gigantic snake's tooth that has an unsettling aura about it.
An unusually small humanoid skull.
A bit of rock from a headstone.
A tiny bag of yellowish powder.
A small indestructible talking skull that tends to mumble racist slurs whenever it sees an elf.
A box of black licorice.
A strangely shaped bone.
An iron ring that, when worn, makes the wearer feel calm.
A group of small glassy spheres, all attached to each other in such a way that they form a rough pyramidal shape.
An empty bottle that once held the blood of a demon.
A tiny glass vial that contains a portion of the ashes of a statue of a god that was destroyed by marauders.
A detailed guide to making pickled foods.
A mask in the shape of a lion's head that moves from side to side occasionally when worn, yet the wearer experiences no change.
An axehead that appears to have been snapped off.
A palm-sized greenish stone with the carved image of a dragon on one side, and a humanoid on the other.
The head of a mummy.
A flask of giant's blood.
A miniature shield.
A sea shell with a strange rune carved into it.
A corn husk doll which dances under its own power when music is played nearby.
An arm band in the shape of a snake, with emeralds for eyes.
A tiny, fossilized ammonite made into a necklace.
An old coin, showing a hare on one side and the moon on the reverse.
The banner of a noble house.
A bird carved out of lapis lazuli.
A small pouch filled with the teeth of various shark species.
A tiny painting showing a vulture carrying a bone in its beak.
A fist-sized stone that glows slightly and feels incredibly hot to the touch.
An ingot of copper with an unusual hue.
A small notebook full of drawings.
A fist sized turtle shell.
A drawing of a flower that looks different when viewed from an angle.
A perfectly flat wheel made from terracotta.
The journal of a philosopher, full of wise sayings and anecdotes.
A malevolent-looking raven skull that has been charred black.
A small glass case containing several glossy butterfly wings.
A preserved frog that moves and croaks like a living frog, but to even an untrained eye is undeniably deceased.
A mahogany box of religious scrolls.
A guide to changing bowstrings full of grammatical errors.
A ceramic troll statuette with no arms, just legs.
A glass bottle that shines like gold.
An iron door-handle that makes menacing noises when underground.
A sliver ring that feels very slippery.
An ornately carved figurine of a giant made from bone.
A rusted fork.
A shoe made from crystal.
A piece of tree bark that is coated in blood.
A small oak wood box of vibrantly-coloured powders, each colour in its own tiny drawer.
A silver hand mirror with a dragon etched onto the back.
A tine of a deer's antler.
A miniature teapot and teacup.
A bejeweled statuette of a knight that is a replica of a famous sculpture.
A box of small orange cylinders that break and burn easily.
A stone carving of a piece of bacon.
A horn that has been cut cleanly in half.
A thin tube of iron filings with the seal of a noble house on both ends.
A small clay pig toy.
A small metal can that contains black colored pudding. If touched, the pudding leaves a slight stinging sensation to the hand.
A necklace strung with tiny snail shells.
Half of a coin with unusual markings engraved on both sides that cut off where the other half would connect.
A sack full of pieces of half-eaten bread.
A small bottle labeled "otyugh perfume" that really stinks.
An odd lump of metal that smells like sweat and rotten fish.
A fist-sized green seed covered in brown spines.
A fist-sized metal frog or toad (your choice).
A glass figurine in the shape of a lobster.
A wooden spoon, carved from a bigger spoon.
A jeweled goblet that will never, ever spill its contents.
An amulet that, when worn, makes you look older when you are injured.
A bowl covered in ornate designs depicting hill giants in combat with dwarves.
A copper badge that you have never seen before in your life, though it has your name on it.
The preserved finger of a giant that you once knew.
A set of ceramic castles that have a space for a candle in the middle. When the candle is lit the castle looks like it has lights on in the windows.
A perfectly reflective ball with a magnetic stick which allows it to be used to look around corners.
A laurel of flowers which never wilt or die.
A purple amulet in the shape of a pig's head.
A magically shrunken goblin in a tiny cage.
A copper lighter that never runs out of fluid
A fist-sized sphere; half of which is blue while the other half is red.
A pair of gloves that seem unusually warm to the touch.
A severed ape arm covered in black fur.
A vine covered in thorns that writhes around occasionally.
A petrified goat skull.
A brown mushroom of extraordinary size.
A drawing of a bird that you have never seen before.
A tiny piece of metal that floats on water.
A tiny stone orb that hangs in the air for a bit when you throw it.