An iron cuirass far too large to be worn by a humanoid.
An extremely large leaf that causes food that it touches to become very bitter.
A single leather boot with unknown markings on the bottom.
A leather pouch that contains a single wooden token depicting a crab.
A belt with a buckle made from an unusually twisted piece of copper.
An eyeball carved from stone that occasionally moves around, as though looking for something.
A piece of rope that is always too short to be useful.
A d8 die that looks to have been split in half by a large axe.
A carved wooden statuette of a hawk.
A tiny box that contains a model chair.
An eerily lifelike wooden bear figurine that is never found where you left it.
A small section of a snakeskin belt that seems to slither when it touches the ground.
A tiny carved skull with jewels in its eyes. You have a feeling like someone is watching you whenever you hold it.
A bottle of rum that never runs out.
A cloak that always flaps gently, as if pushed by a slight breeze.
A split piece of unknown wood, decorated to look as if it once was a piece of a druidic focus.
A small mirror in which your reflection remains, crying hideously whenever you look at it.
A small rodent's heart. Still beating.
A tiny, tame earth elemental that is afraid of beetles.
A book that gives you a headache whenever you try to read it. You are still unsure of what knowledge or story it holds.
A tankard that is always full of a wretched black fluid. If tipped, the fluid runs endlessly.
An obsidian dagger that reflects shadow as a monochrome rainbow.
An undead fly tied to an invincible foot long piece of thread.
A small gem that changes color and detail to any object it touches.
A miniature platinum lightning bolt that vibrates and zooms around when a storm is coming.
A deck of cards with unknown runes on each card.
A creepy idol of a black dragon with red jewels as eyes, whenever someone looks at the idol eyes their eyes flash red.
A miniature shield painted with gold designs, when you clutch it you feel slightly more confident.
A lava stone carved to look like a flame, it gives off endless heat.
A set of golden letters that move around when nothing sees them, creating random words.
A vial of red liquid that moves up or down depending on the current danger.
Extremely hard to see moon stone fragments that make small laughing noises when you can't find them.
A piece of taffy that always reappears when you eat it.
A large pitcher of liquid that seems to always change flavor.
A small marble that randomly changes color.
A small crystal that shakes very violently when wet.
Some random objects such as bones or stones that always come back together when destroyed
A clear piece of fabric that hovers unless you pull it down.
A marble that changes size when you aren't looking. Sometimes something that is touching it changes size slightly too, but changes back in 10 seconds.
A page with unknown runes depicting and ancient spell but unreadable no matter what.
A glass eye that spins to look at things other people are looking at.
A vial shaped like a cylinder. Any liquid put inside gets tainted blue and gains a slight taste like blue raspberry.
An expired potion of growth, now only makes you get slightly bigger when you take a sip, tastes like powdered iron for some apparent reason.
An expired potion of darkvision, now just makes everything bright when you take a sip, tastes like dry carrots for some apparent reason.
Some frog legs made of ivory that bounce around randomly.
A bar of titanium that feels squishy and soft to touch.
A book with a harmonious story, however whenever you turn the last page it takes you back to the middle of the story so you don't know how it ends.
A clockwork device that's button won't press no matter what you do.
A lens that reverses the color of things seen through it, black becomes white, cyan becomes orange, red becomes blue, and so on.
The blade of a huge axe that feels insanely heavy to any creature smaller than Huge, but creatures that are Huge or larger think it is as light as a feather.
A small worm statue that causes any creature that touches it to shrink by 1d4 inches over 1d4 minutes. Touching the statue again returns the creature to normal size.
A green tonic labeled "growth". If anything drinks it they grow an inch each second for 1d4 minutes, then shrink 1 foot each second until they return to normal size. Their equipment changes size too but doesn't increase damage.
A bloody hand that grips onto things and doesn't let go.
Some vials of liquid that create moss on anything they touch. This moss keeps growing and will eventually cover the whole thing. Then the moss withers and flakes off.
A packet of mints that cause the eater to change color for 1d6 hours.
A set of thieves tools that are bent and broken yet they still work perfectly.
A miniature brain made of coral.
The branch of a tree that caught fire when you were nearby.
A picture that has a field in it, as time goes, the picture changes and adds things like people and houses to itself.
The eye of a cat, for some reason it commonly looks around at anything powerful.
An acorn that makes ringing noises and shakes violently when touched.
A hammer from a long gone blacksmith. Sometimes at night you can see the hammer float and pound any weapons nearby.
A glass sphere containing ooze, still alive; it sometimes causes green acidic liquid to gush out of the sphere.
A crystal dagger, it is engraved with the symbol of a flaming skull with a rune covered ring around it.
A wizard's journal, recounting the tales of many arcane experiments.
A red gemstone shaped like a heart.
A purple gemstone shaped like a cage.
A piece of coal vaguely shaped like a head.
A pouch full of a fine black substance of unknown origin.
A gem that can summon a dim orb of light that does nothing but follow the summoner for a while.
A ceramic tile with a silvery sheen.
An incredibly heavy bone with countless words inscribed into it.
A small jar that has a lid attached to it. When the lid is closed, it turns its contents into fresh milk.
An incomplete book that adds to itself constantly.
A merchant's scale that is covered in blood stains.
A hat that drenches the wearer in a viscous orange fluid.
A vial of blood from an unknown creature.
A child's severed finger, still fresh, and periodically twitching.
A small painting of a skeleton in noble's clothes.
A ring carved from the sternum of a serial killer's most beloved victim.
The hilt of a broken greatsword. When held with both hands, blood runs down along the remnants of the blade.
The left glove of a well-known murderer. You periodically find yourself wearing it.
A small jar of sugar that makes all food and drink taste of salmon.
A stuffed bear given to you by a child that wouldn't speak.
A bundle of differently colored strands of hair.
A small box containing bloody teeth and fingernails. The box has the word "Mother" inscribed on the top.
A tiny hat that makes you feel very confident whilst wearing it.
An old piece of parchment reading "Fredrick, Why?"
A rat's skull with a beautiful, yet unidentifiable family crest carved into it.
An apple with a single bite taken out of it. It does not decay, it tastes terrible, and you can't bring yourself to throw it out.
A miniature painted wooden elephant with a single ivory tusk, the other one is snapped off with a jagged break.
A magical tome. When the spells inside are cast, the effect is never the same, are extremely stupid, and the spells cast aren't what's written in the tome.
A piece of frayed rope about a foot long. The ends are slightly burned.
A war veteran's glass eye.
A deformed human infant's skull.
A ceramic jar containing rice grains. When opened, a foul odor emanates from the jar.
A necklace adorned with a wooden medallion depicting a crudely-painted smiling face.
A sacrificial dagger that cuts into your palm whenever you grip the hilt.
A terrible love novel written by a hack author. For whatever reason, you love the story, even though you know it's terrible.
A whistle that causes all that hear it to feel incredibly nauseous.