An incredibly venomous snake that refuses to bite you, however, it likes to wrap itself around your arm.
An ancient hero's heart, bound in linen and kept in a clay jar.
A ring which makes the wearer reek of rotting fish.
A pair of pants that supposedly belonged to a powerful necromancer.
A pewter spoon that was owned by a powerful, fat landlord.
A jar containing an alchemical salve that is labeled "Apply to soles once per week." However, the salve has solidified into a waxy mass.
A helmet forged to fit the head of a child.
A small, black-furred creature that wears a bone-carved mask. It's kinda cute, but it always follows you, and remains just out of arms' reach.
A crystal prison in which a lich's soul is trapped. It is damaged, however, and the lich perpetually complains.
A small bottle of chalk tablets. Unmarked, but scented with the smell of lilacs.
A folded paper frog. When unfolded, you can read an uplifting message.
A bracelet braided from the ligaments of some large creature, with a charm carved from a humanoid tooth.
A piece of torn linen cloth worn soft by someone else's fingers. Up close, you can see marks where embroidery has been picked away.
A small glass jar with a gilt-painted image of a minor goddess; empty with a waxy residue at the mouth.
A glass file; intended for the care of nails, claws or talons.
A string of rough, red beads that smell faintly of cinnamon.
A carved bone portrait of a famous pirate; the enamel has worn thin.
A small doll. Someone thought it would be a good idea to carve its head from an apple; the face is brown, dry and wizened.
A wolf-hair paintbrush, perfect for calligraphy, though the binding is coming loose.
A walnut-sized terracotta jar containing traces of red makeup.
A fist-sized stone sphere that rolls after you when you put it down and walk away.
A box of odd beads that bear no resemblance to eyes, yet always seem to watch you.
A vial of dragon's blood.
A wooden cup that, when put to the ear, relays the sounds of a tavern party.
A violin that makes the player sound like an expert musician.
A book with a mysterious bloody stain on the back cover.
A waterskin that turns anything inside it into fresh, clean water.
A life-sized statue of a gnome.
A perfectly round snowball that never melts.
A broken table knife that can only be held by red-haired humanoids.
A 1-centimeter long perfectly functional crossbow.
A crystal pen that will only write with green ink.
A pair of silk trousers that are always a tad too big.
A small coin purse with gold inside that cannot be removed.
A wanted poster that bears the face of a terrified elf.
A bright orange, ceramic throwing star that will always miss its target.
A white metal goblet that grumbles angrily in Dwarvish when filled.
A set of blue marble earrings that glow faintly in the presence of pork.
A small humanoid skull that cackles every morning at the break of dawn.
A pair of scissors that only cuts eyebrow hair.
A silver coin with an engraved human that continuously waves to the holder.
A cast iron pot with a love letter carved into the side.
A bag that is full of rainbow-coloured sand.
A leaf that will never blow away in the wind.
A single iron shackle that was once worn by a deaf musician.
A shirt button that changes shape every day.
A single leather shoe that can be worn on either foot.
A tiny oak barrel filled with even tinier apples that refills every full moon.
A wooden dagger that's shaped to resemble a sacrificial blade.
A purple banana that never rots and tastes like saltwater.
A short metal chain that doesn't make and sound when shaken.
A map with directions to an abandoned gnome's house.
A dragon's tooth that perpetually feels wet.
A loincloth that's far too long.
A mahogany dinner plate with the phrase 'POETRY IS DEAD' carved into the bottom.
A small wooden box that contains a single, worn thimble.
A fully articulate plate gauntlet made out of unbreakable, unmelting chocolate.
A clear glass bottle that can be used as an eyeglass.
A child's leather vest with a small club logo on the back.
A codpiece with the entire Sylvan alphabet written on it.
A black feather that somehow weighs 40 pounds.
A salmon painting that repels mosquitoes.
A pair of socks that tickle the wearer.
A rolled-up scroll that displays the holder's exact height when opened.
A pair of marble chess pieces, black and white, that argue with each other.
A bandana that makes the wearer look 10 pounds lighter.
A rock that screams in fear when it's thrown.
A piece of parchment with an ink drawing of a centaur that always points north.
A green, metal orb that slowly orbits any obese humanoid it's thrown at.
A mouthpiece for an unknown musical instrument.
A single newt's eye in a glass jar.
A brass face mask that insults the wearer's outfit.
A small jar of nails that can only be driven by a glass hammerhead.
A closed lute case that incites extreme fear when someone tries to open it.
A sword scabbard that's full to the brim with tiny wooden swords.
A book that details a list of embarrassing childhood moments.
A guide to living with a house full of talking objects.
A fine, leather pouch that contains exactly 248 stone pebbles.
A cookbook that only holds the phrase 'Don't cook fairies' scrawled in blood.
A thin sheet of cooking paper that's been folded into a swan.
A warm winter scarf knitted from skunk fur.
A stone slab that floats.
A backpack that makes eating sounds when items are put inside.
A small unbreakable string that spans 10 feet.
A decaying wooden knife inscribed by a child that reads "the ultimate blade of destruction".
A small iron sculpture of a phoenix that fills you with peace due to it containing an aura of protection.
A miniature cannon made of glass that when heated release a large amount of smoke.
A pair of copper rimmed glasses that contain cracked lenses that slightly enhance your vision in the dark when worn.
A gigantic blade when used in combat of any kind it becomes immobile and unable to move at all otherwise it's as light as a feather.
An old doll you found in an abandoned manor. The doll's eyes follow you and you usually have nightmares when you sleep near it even when you throw it away it comes right back to you.
A cane sword that refuses to be unsheathed unless on a full moon.
A black triangular pendant that gives off a rich king purple glow it is said to nullify pain but many believe not.
A diary that when shaken reveals a secret that a nearby entity knows although the secrets are almost always useless.
The soul of a hero long gone. It does nothing except look pretty and follow you incessantly.
A strand of hair from a lower goddess.
A small wooden box containing a pair of small sentient clay men that wonder around aimlessly they magically return to the box when it is closed.
A shovel made from unusual blue metal.
A sickly green humanoid bone.
A tattered red cloak that patches itself up when its wearer is in a graveyard.
An odd cog that spins on its own every so often.