A mask of an unknown person. His expressions seem too big for his face.
A fabled lockpick that supposedly never breaks. It seems to have lost its power, however, as it had broken on the first use.
Three thousand tiny hats that you almost can't see. You can only tell they're hats because you get a wizard to enlarge one for a short period of time.
A tiny figurine of a wolf that whines when left alone.
A miniature replica anchor that refuses to sink.
The equivalent of two hundred million gold pieces in orange pieces of paper. They go to a game you played when you were little.
A piece of string about 3 inches in length with a tiny, crude-looking shoe tied to one end made of wood that, when pinched, shocks you harmlessly.
A clay bowl with a painting of a fingernail in it.
A box full of childhood possessions. You can't seem to remember any of them.
A small card welcoming you to a famous city. It has a letter on the back that's from a friend of yours explaining their experiences in the city.
A large, metal wheel of cheese that always smells like the ocean.
Three balls bound by a metal wire, one made of wood, one made of lead, and one made of flesh...
A shred of paper that partially reads "One for the dame, one fo-."
A love letter written by a beggar from your hometown. Funny, you don't remember being given this...
A small cheat sheet that went to a test from school. It didn’t help much.
An old, rusty and dull sword. It’s so dull it almost qualifies as a club.
Protective eyewear. It’s a bit small for a human, but can fit perfectly on any other race, oddly enough.
A long-winded and ultimately misleading report on the growth of peanuts.
An almost lifelike painting of a bald, half-naked man holding fish in every appendage, including his mouth.
A collection of figurines of every kind of dragon.
An incomplete collection of cheese knives. There’s about seventeen of them in the container.
A deck of cards that, when left alone for too long, will start shuffling and dealing themselves to all nearby people.
A die with 7 sides made of bone. The side where '7' would be shown is instead replaced with a heart.
A miniature piano that can fit in the palm of your hand but still plays and sounds exactly like a full-sized one.
A petrified leaf.
The bloody pointed tooth of a famous vampire.
A loaf of bread you never ended up eating. It hasn’t gotten moldy, somehow.
A small fluegelhorn that cannot be played correctly, even in the hands of a master.
Eighteen miniature cabbage heads. They aren’t edible.
An unreadable note. The only words you can make out are “get the body bag Seymour.”
A list of ingredients to make a potion that makes everything taste faintly of cauliflower.
The ashes of your paternal figure.
A singing bee. It. Doesn’t seem to mind being kept in a jar.
A white cloak that cannot be stained by any means
A witch's undergarments. Why do you have this?! Seriously!
A beautiful sundress made by a blind seamstress
A collar that fits any creature it is placed on. It's got the cutest little bell affixed to the front of it.
A completely normal silk glove that you absolutely should not ask any questions about.
A tiny dragon figurine that is animated when put in direct sunlight. It's very friendly.
A painting of a baby that giggles when you look away from it.
A journal containing stories of the owner's adventures with a bugbear
A singular playing card. If you try to cheat with it, it laughs. It’s the ace of diamonds.
A set of very powerful rattle snake magnets
Five keys fused together in such a way that they could never open anything. You have nightmares of being burned alive whenever you sleep near it.
A hypercube that dings lightly every eight days, eight hours, eight minutes, and eight seconds.
A small chalkboard that can never be written on but shows a random word. If you ever try to erase it, a new word is shown.
A tiny stone angel in an unbreakable glass box. It moves whenever you're not looking.
A brown, thousand-page book with the word resurrection written a thousand times on each page.
A random trinket that turns itself into another random trinket at every twenty-five hours.
A ball of clay that grows a new eye every 1d4 hours. 1d4 hours later, that eye disappears. No matter what, the eyes are always staring into yours.
A small golden bell with a red velvet ribbon and no ringer. The bells chimes very faintly when in the presence of royalty.
A silver ring with an amethyst on it. It feels calming to put it on.
Two sweet smelling branches. Smelling them for too long makes you nauseous and gives you a headache.
A large skull of a were-chicken. Who knows how he got like that?
A tiny decorative anchor that glows slightly whenever a nearby creature teleports.
A brick that always feels slippery.
A large snow globe that houses a tiny kobold and his family.
A sacred chime that’s supposedly connected to faith and the gods.
A pair of leather gloves that can never get wet.
A singular strand of wire about three feet long. It shocks you frequently, even through something like leather.
An old and blue greatsword. There seems to be some magical properties attached to it, though it seems lifeless. Perhaps something happened?
Four jars with flaming butterflies inside. When broken, the butterflies ignite whatever it was broken over.
A collar that fits perfectly around your neck, and no other creature's. You feel a powerful sense of forbearance in its presence.
A septum piercing that causes the wearer to grow orc-like tusks.
An earring that causes the wearer's ears to point in an elfish fashion.
A golden tooth-cap that causes the wearer to grow a thick beard and/or chest hair.
A mummified goblin hand.
A piece of crystal that faintly glows in the moonlight.
A diary written in a language you don’t know
A gold coin minted in an unknown land..
A brass ring that never tarnishes.
An old chess piece made from glass.
A pair of knucklebone dice, each with a skull symbol on the side that would normally show six pips.
A small idol depicting a nightmarish creature that gives you unsettling dreams when you sleep near it.
A rope necklace from which dangles four mummified elf fingers.
The deed for a parcel of land in a realm unknown to you.
A 1-ounce block made from an unknown material.
A small cloth doll skewered with needles.
An enormous scale, perhaps from a dragon.
A tooth from an unknown beast.
A bright green feather.
An old divination card bearing your likeness.
A glass orb filled with moving smoke.
A 1-pound egg with a bright red shell.
A pipe that blows bubbles.
A glass jar containing a weird bit of flesh floating in pickling fluid.
A small wooden statuette of a smug halfling.
A tiny gnome-crafted music box that plays a song you dimly remember from your childhood.
A brass orb etched with strange runes.
A multicolored stone disk.
A tiny silver icon of a raven.
A bag containing forty-seven humanoid teeth, one of which is rotten.
A shard of obsidian that always feels warm to the touch.
A dragon's bony talon hanging from a plain leather necklace.
A pair of old socks.
A blank book whose pages refuse to hold ink, chalk, graphite, or any other substance for marking.
A silver badge in the shape of a five-pointed star.
A knife that belonged to a relative.
A glass vial filled with nail clippings.
A rectangular metal device with two tiny metal cups on one end that throws sparks when wet.